# TicketMS
TicketMS is a Ticket Management System concept that automatically outputs all ticket work actions and notes into a one-time disposition. 

Purpose: Ticket Management Systems are inefficient, requiring multiple dispositions that often use redundant, incompatible platforms. This repository serves to create a resource of tools (wiki/links) as well as software that automatically outputs/scripts form data actions(add, delete, modify) from CMS/DBs to into a separate disposition tool or file, which could be portable. 


For example, a softphone is typically used in a call center. A common metric of productivity is ticket disposition. However, work actions (password resets, account unlocks, are not typically logged in a disposition field, even though they can be audited by a system administrator. TicketMS seeks to provide a self-reporting system by a Ticket Management Software that logs each account change (updating a phone number/email of a customer, for example) and creates a human-readable report that can be analyzed as part of the disposition. The aim is reduce the manual documentation overhead involved in a call center, and to minimize the number of window prompts (e.g "required fields") that reduce workflow. A self-reporting log is essential to measuring productivity, as many of the actions performed on a call may be procedurally intensive, but disposition-lite. Therefore, to better measure productivity, in addition to avoiding repeat calls and emphasizing FCR (First Call Resolution), is to measure the net change in an account- number of actions that were requested or authorized- changing an email address or preferred phone number, for example, which would be automatically logged in the disposition report. The quantity of changes would be measured in net as well as absolute amounts (i.e changing a phone number 3 times to 2 different numbers would not be more productive than changing it once unless the customer requested it be changed and changed their mind twice.)


UniKB

UniKB is a side concept to Ticket MS. UniKB seeks to unify (Uni) all policy and procedures in a Knowledge Base (KB) throughout a ticketing system via a taggable, citation system, to with links to relevant and applicable KBs. Policy and Procedure can often be vague, therefore it seeks to implement a hiearchical flow/walkthrough for any ticketing/troubleshooting process. Therefore , ticketing workflows can use augmented training aids (up to date KBS) superimposed over production databases to assist whenever needed, rather than requiring a completely different resource (video tutorials/out of date interactive guides, etc) 
